# 1. Why I Write This - On the quest to be hacker

TL:DR; Rough markdown posts notating what I have learned on the quest to be hacker, lots of rambling thoughts to humanize people that write this kind of stuff. Hope you have fun reading it if you can sit through it all. Sometimes these are long, dumb, cringey, whatever, I don't care haha. 

>If it is not written, write it yourself.
>-from [this YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwpi1Lm6dFo) in reference to Franz Kafka, a Bohemian Novelist 

As the title implies, why am I writing this? What is this jumble of markdown files that I am posting onto the internet, only to be lost in all of the other drool that people post every day? 

Well, I'm doing this to document what I learn, and also, I think, to humanize the kinds of people that try to learn and teach this kind of stuff. When you're reading blog posts, when you're reading stories about **hackers** doing all of these cool things, finding bugs, whatever - I think it's important to take a step back and understand this: at the end of the day, they're human too. Those blog posts, lectures, write-ups - whatever - are the result of hours upon hours of work and potentially, emotional turmoil. When we post things on the internet, we like to paint a picture of perfection. This unfortunate habit of painting a perfect picture of everything we do, as a society, is everywhere, no matter what field you look at.

While this picture of perfection is painted pretty obviously in the realms of the beauty world, for example, it really is everywhere. Whenever you read about someone and their career, they only put up the positive stuff, and they *wouldn't ever dare* tell about their struggles, and even if they did, they paint it in a positive, perfect light. As in, yeah, this struggle, this struggle right here, it made me stronger as a person, or whatever. Many textbooks, blog posts, and YouTube videos are meticulously written and proofread - and I mean, I don't blame people for doing so. Of course you would want to proofread that stuff, and get the information out as succintly and effectively as you can. But I think to the student, that's struggling with learning and life in general, it can be discouraging sometimes to see that well, X has won all these accolades and does a million hobbies and is so talented and can seemingly do anything and understand everything... and then, as the student, what do I have? 

I think as long as you have the drive to do something, you can do it. And me? I want to be up front about the human aspect of things. It's okay to not be some kind of robot and to study stuff all the time. It's okay not to win. It's okay not to spend your whole entire life dedicated to learning how to hack stuff and then never make time to have a *life*, that is, enjoy your family, enjoy your friends, raise a pet, paint some miniatures, make some shitty polymer clay sculptures... Don't let this "perfect picture" that people paint of their lives on the internet, not just in the cyber security space, but in any field that you look at, make you feel like you are worth any less as a person. Just take care of yourself and have fun. I'm not all about this "work all the time, win everything, do everything, get a job somewhere super prestigious" lifestyle that is pushed on us all the time... And you know it is, you can't deny that's pushed on us, all the time. Take some pressure off. Let's just have some fun. The best "hackers" in the world, and I guess I really hate that term - I feel like it has lost a lot of meaning in how it's been used along the way - damn, they just like what they do. That's all. And you should too, just like it, don't care about what other people think of you. Don't try to seem impressive. Just chill out, be chill about it.

I guess that's easy for me to say though. I have a job lined up for me when I graduate college at a big, stable corporation that's consistently been ranked a great place to work - where the people there don't always breathe down your neck and try to tear you down... Maybe you're a college student like me before I had this job lined up for myself, and you're pushing yourself to study outside of your classes because you're dissatisfied with your school curriculum, and you just want to look good for potential employers so you can get a job - so you can solidify the actual reason you're going to school in the first place.

If there's at least one thing I have learned in college, is that if you're passionate, then the job will follow. If you apply, apply, apply to lots of different places, when you get a job somewhere, pour yourself into it. Get the most out of that job as you can, whether it be a shitty food service job, a shitty retail job, an ok-IT internship, a busy-work administrative internship, a tutoring job you hate, or an Infosec job at a big corporation - just try your best. Show you care, because honestly, most people just don't care. So if you show you care, even if you don't know a lot, then you'll have a job. People will be able to see that you care about what you do, and people can tell when you don't care. 

I'm also just letting you know, what seems like "inherent talent and aptitude" is really just a lot of time poured into it. A lot of time, a lot of thinking, a lot of this, a lot of that. For example, you'll see me chit-chatting away in these YouTube videos I'm going to be making with a buddy of mine. You'll see me, I'll be speaking probably pretty articulate-ly (my foreign friends say part of why they like talking to me is because they actually *understand* me), hopefully breaking down concepts into an easy enough way for a beginner to understand. I'll look like I know exactly what the fuck I'm talking about, but uh, truth be told, I don't. I'm probably reading off of a script. I probably zipped back and forth about the video script with my video-making-partner-pal, trying to rewrite the damn thing so people can understand. I probably cut out all the "ums" and "ahs", or maybe I didn't. I don't know, I haven't discussed how we want to make this YouTube channel yet, what we want the tone of our videos to be. But I know that deep down, the both of us will want to try to find a way to help people just chill the fuck out, because the internet is not a chill place at all. Especially with COVID and this and that, politics, blah blah blah. Dude, I live in a developed, rich country. I am getting too old for this shit. I just want to enjoy my life, and there is only so much in the world I can try to change, so I am going to try to change what I think I can change. 

And by the way, when I'm looking so good and talented, and speaking so well, in these YouTube videos, looking so smart, looking whatever, good or bad - just know that *I fucking paid for that shit* wth my time. You have to understand that even though things are "free" on the web, that is, this information is coming to you off the press with no monetary costs apart from whoever is paying for your internet bill, to gain "skill" you must pay with *time.* As they say, nothing is truly free, is it? 

So, in these posts, I hope to be able to take myself, and you, from a complete beginner, to someone that knows at least a bit of something about computers and making them do things they weren't intended to do. And also, just have some friggin fun, because I'm set in life, I just wanna have som fun. 
